Prop to force the bash shell (disabled by default) (#115)
NethServer/nethserver-sssd: README.rst

* ``DiscoverDcType {dns,ldapuri}``: ``dns`` query SRV records in AD DNS to find
  the DC name; ``ldapuri`` retrieve the DC name from the ``LdapURI`` prop value

> * ``ShellOverrideStatus`` (default ``disabled``) force the shell of all users to ``/bin/bash``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``ShellOverrideStatus`` (default ``disabled``) If ``enabled``, the value of the passwd user's shell field 
   is set to ``/bin/bash`` and is no more read from the accounts provider.
```

>   This property must be ``enabled`` on each server to force the shell access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
